35 birds greeted her, calling her back.
After hearing about the matter and not sharing
about Phuong Giang, she had a question: she
had a vision in her mind,
that if someone
officially came here, how would they face their
parents to ask
permission to leave? Because she felt it wasn't
as simple as just saying, "My
parents are leaving, and
we'll agree and go to the temple." The
children grew up simply, and that
means there are many people, like her, who
can do things before
leaving. Actually, parents object, but after leaving, the mother
must go to the temple. She also wondered
how to ensure that
when she leaves, she gets a
clean record and good grades.
She faced the quality of her life for a long time.
Thank you for your question.
Your question also reflects the concerns of
many young people. Each person who
leaves has a different karmic connection. Some have
parents who understand the Dharma, so they
know that leaving is a place where...  "My child is
happiest in Hanoi," Ha immediately agreed and
encouraged. That's a very
favorable situation, a very auspicious circumstance, and the
parents are enlightened, knowing that
their child will be happy there and
will do useful work in
this life for the majority and many
future lives, bringing happiness to the
majority and ensuring their child's safety in
this life and in many other lives. That
's for the case of enlightened parents.
If the parents are not enlightened, then
of course they will suffer. What does "not enlightened" mean? Enlightenment means understanding something
correctly, understanding
what it is, understanding it
correctly, that's what's called sharp and insightful. That's probably it. So,
our parents, those who are hindering
us, haven't understood the true meaning of suffering,
happiness, and the end. Sister, you
think we shouldn't play
with friends, shouldn't go out to eat and have fun, right? Shouldn't we
be able to talk freely, should
n't enjoy the
things in life? They consider that suffering because they
don't understand.  Knowing what
suffering is, what is called suffering,
and what this life and the next life
will be like, so that we don't know and can't
stop them. They want us to
have a wife and children in this life because they know that's the
best thing. For example, like the example
I gave earlier, at first I ate an apple.
I thought the apple was the best,
but then I saw a cherry, and
I passed it, but
my parents knew the apple was the best. So they
told me to eat the apple, the apple is
the best, there's nothing else that's delicious.
Then, when my life is too full of suffering, and I'm
too full of suffering, they say, "That's how God created me, I have to
endure it. I know what I can do
now, right? I was born this way, that's my
fate. I have to endure it, what else can I
do? Well, a girl is like a raindrop,
right? Some raindrops fall in a
field, that's good, but some fall into a buffalo
dung heap, what else can I do? I have to understand
my parents, because they want me to
understand why they
stop me. It's because of my parents.  I thought it was decreasing
all the time, but it's because of some kind of
disability in thinking, right? A
psychological disability, incomplete thinking,
psychological problems, right? This is Tet. But
why did it run away? Now, the rabbit of this life...
Yes, maybe something's wrong with my child.
Either it's its own disability, a
psychological disability, or it's been deceived. You
see? It was deceived? Maybe the father deceived it. If
that's the case, then how do we resolve
these two things for the parents?
They can't get rid of the baggage anymore. And of
course, when we resolve it, we
don't necessarily need the other party to accept it
because the truth doesn't need anyone's
recognition; it is inherently the truth. I have a
principle: the truth has always been the truth, not
just because our parents recognize it. The truth has always been the truth, not just because
our parents recognize it. Life at home is
happiness, it's a life created and happy, right? It's not
like that. It's
not that the Buddha said that life that survives
leads to happiness, but that it will automatically lead to
happiness, but that its essence is happiness.  Is
n't that true? In reality, you don't need to
judge it; it's inherently true.
We always understand that, so
we won't be hindered.
What we're talking about here is explaining to
your parents
what happiness and
suffering are, in a thoughtful way so they
won't say you have a
mental disability, right?
And we'll explain to your parents that the
emotions of love and lust exist in life,
but we have reason and
clear thinking. That's why suffering and
imperfection don't bring happiness to you. So
we eliminate two things:
your parents' worries about you – the mental
disability and the emotional defects. We
always have to ignore them. And we
decide to leave. That way, your parents
don't worry about you; they only try to stop you.
But that situation is very
quick, not as fleeting as you might think. Everything is over
when you leave, with a
completely dissolved state of mind. That day, you told King
Suddhodana about your decision to find your son.
The path to happiness...
Yes, if I stayed at home, my
father could give me something that wouldn't involve birth,
aging, or death, something that wouldn't bring me joy. He could give me many silver rings and jewels, but buying paintings couldn't give me something that wouldn't involve aging, sickness, or death. So, even though the Buddha left in the middle of the night, my father, Suddhodana, fainted repeatedly and had to
have water poured on his face many times to regain
consciousness. But in the end, what happened?
Ah, in the end, King
Suddhodana attained enlightenment. And as Ella
Han said, "What we must know is that
when we have explained this
to our parents, they will be at peace.
The main reason is that they don't want us to leave, not that they think wrongly of us. Suddhodana also didn't think wrongly of Prince Siddhartha and knew their son was going in a noble and righteous way. They wouldn't try to stop him, but knowing is still
knowing, so our parents won't suffer, right?
And we must be determined to
overcome this obstacle. That's what
the Buddha did, and that's what we should do,
right,
Brother Buddha?"  How do we
do that? Because the bottom is good, it's okay.
Before,
my merits caused people to
change their way of seeing me. How people perceive me is
due to my karmic blessings, so when
I change, people's perception of
me changes. There's no need to worry about
that. Absolutely no need to worry about
that. Parents
don't understand this, but even when a daughter gets
married, parents cry, right? There are always
tears when a separation occurs, but those
tears are a tonic.
As I shared in a video, one
tear is poison, two
tears are medicine. The tears shed when a child leaves are a tonic, and they bring
peace to the parents' worries. There are tears in every separation, so rest assured.
If there is a separation, the Three Jewels
will protect you and your parents.
The only thing to fear is a
lack of determination.  I
myself failed because of the obstacles,
but if I overcome those obstacles,
everything will be good afterward because
good thoughts
can lead to good results,
and that has been proven
by our saints. We see
Sariputta, whose parents didn't let him go to the monastery, right? And
then there's Kasyapa. So
we haven't increased yet. Most of the time,
parents don't let their children go. As for Xuong Bao Viet,
you
know, the child left the monastery
in the middle of the night. He ran away from the monastery, and his
father even chased him away with a knife.
Now, everything
in the family is still being done, and the elders are performing rituals,
even relatives are involved. I see that it's
not about giving gifts, but
going to work is like chasing someone away with a knife.
Truemart, that's how Chrome is. Just keep persevering, keep
persevering, and once when I came back to visit, it was my
father who chased me away with a knife. Now he's even
arranging places for the ancestors of these countries. Everything is
good, just like at the beginning, my father
was like that. Now he just guides me
as if it's natural.  Dad's firecrackers are
just for bathing. No, the word "filial piety" is
n't good, is it? Above, we overcome
obstacles with blessings. The committee's report to
our family is very cheap.
[Music]
Yes,yes.